well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so I said something over the
weekend that have my libertarian friends
ready to pinochet me right out of a
helicopter I compared I said that I
could see Alexandria
Acacio Cortez given time a little bit of
refinement of her beliefs as being the
next Ron Paul and man they got mad the
the other thing that I found out over
the weekend was I looked at the
analytics for the first time and I found
like 10 15 % of you guys don't live in
the u.s. you live overseas and I guess
you're watching this like a live feed of
the fall of the Roman Empire so I guess
I need to explain who Ron Paul is Ron
Paul was a doctor became a congressman
from Texas and he is a philosophical
giant in the libertarian community which
is conservative in the u.s. he was known
as dr. no because anything that wasn't
expressly authorized by the Constitution
he vote no on a lot of the legislation
that has become a problem today like the
Patriot Act he voted against he had a
very different view of a lot of things
he felt the government overreaching
government regulation and government
just pushing down was what was keeping
the little guy down now you go to AOC
and you see a female young commie from
New York and just on appearances they
look very different that's how she is
seen among conservative circles so
comparing the two especially in a
favorable light definitely brought a
reaction her belief is that corporate
greed and greed in general is what is
keeping the little guy down
and so she is attracting many of the
people that would have flocked to Ron
Paul a generation ago because these are
Millennials that have navigated this
destroyed economy for ten years and they
see that greed as an issue and I know
people are gonna say no the economy
isn't destroyed it's not really that bad
I don't judge the economy by how well
rich people are doing the strongest
indicator of the state of the economy to
me was that you had federal employees
who are very well paid who have a very
secure job missing one paycheck and
ending up at a food bank that is a
stronger indication of the economy to me
then whether or not some you know
multi-millionaire made an extra ten
grand
she seems to understand that a
corporation like Walmart that makes
around fourteen billion dollars a year
could take half of that profit and give
each one of their 1.4 million employees
an extra five grand a year and given the
average sales associate makes around
19,000 that's a twenty five percent pay
increase that is substantial to anybody
some especially somebody that close to
the poverty line so when you're looking
at it through the lens of left versus
right yeah they're very different they
are very different you know one sees the
corporate establishment as the problem
one sees the government establishment as
the problem but what if they're both
right what if they're both correct in
their assertion what if it isn't like
how its portrayed in the media what if
it isn't corporate establishment versus
government establishment what if it's
more like weekend at Bernie's
what if over here you've got the
corporate establishment work in the head
of that body and over here you've got
the government establishment working the
arms and that body is what used to be
representative of democracy and today we
have an oligarchy like this study out of
Princeton and Northwestern suggests what
if it's not
corporate establishment versus
government establishment what if it's
just establishment versus you but we're
so trained to cook to kick down and to
fight each other that we don't see it
yeah with a little bit of refinement and
a little bit of time she'll grow just
like everybody does Ron Paul didn't have
all his ducks in a row when he first
started I think that we're looking at a
powerhouse in the making it can
definitely happen the question is is
there going to be anybody to fill Ron
Paul's shoes at the same time and the
question is whether or not the
Democratic Party the establishment
within that is going to let it happen
anyway it's just a thought y'all y'all
have a good day